---
layout: post
title:  "Cameras"
date:   2022-08-03 07:39:01 -0300
excerpt: "A figure in the cameras is nowhere to be seen once he opens the door."
---

<div style="text-align:center;">1</div>

Carlos' heart pounded uncomfortably as he reviewed the cameras on the surveillance system. The room he was in was becoming increasingly claustrophobic; now, more than never. The shifts were always calm, but today was unusual. He had heard a knock; in the cameras, a figure was in front of the door. He couldn't see much because the image quality was terrible. He had opened the door with his hand on the taser. Nobody.

“Hello?!”

Nothing. He watched the place for a moment. A deafening silence bothered him; the staticity of the place. A breeze enveloped him and the small monitoring center, if you could call a box with ten monitors and two computers from the letterhead era, tube monitors that probably showed the system that landed man on the Moon; a cupboard for non-perishable groceries and a fridge that always cooled the lunchbox of the proletariat on shift. Carlos returned, a slight twinge in his forehead.

A recheck of the images proved to be fruitless. Carlos shrugged. The rest of the shift had no news.

<div style="text-align:center;">2</div>

Today's shift was quiet, as expected. He leaned back in his chair and remembered the last shift. Curiosity for a logical explanation made Carlos check the recordings. At the time of the incident, the cameras at the entrance proved useless. The figure appeared to have materialized in front of the door; and Carlos could see that the figure hit with a clenched fist.

At the same moment that the figure knocked on the door on the recordings, Carlos heard knocking. He checked the cameras and realized he wasn't looking at the playback but at the live footage. He took out his taser and opened the hatch. The cold breeze made his eyes sting. No one in sight. He opened the door with a trembling hand and looked around. Dots danced in his sight as he returned to his seat and checked the recordings. The cameras didn't pick up anything useful.

Another knock and another. In the recordings, the figure beats the door. Carlos was listening to everything on the recording; behind him. The door, open, showed only a desolate scene. He left again. He ran to the screens and, for an instant, his vision blurred. The creature was standing at the door, which was open. He looked back and saw no one. Carlos went out and confronted the being, Carlos saw through the cameras. A ringing bothered his right ear. In the images, the figure stabbed him with fury. The arrhythmia made Carlos press his chest. He looked at the date of the recordings and his breathing stopped: the monitor marked the day before yesterday. The noise grew louder and darkness enveloped him.

<div style="text-align:center;">3</div>

The shift was quiet, as it always was. Carlos leaned back in his chair and began to stretch. Suddenly, he heard two sharp knocks on the door. He glanced at the cameras and, amid the questionable quality of one of them, noticed a figure standing in front of the door.
