---

layout: post
title:  "My girl"
date:   2022-02-26 08:46:47 -0300
excerpt: "Mark has a good day with his girl until someone enters their house."

---

# My Girl

Mark worked from home while his girl was enjoying a day off. It was a regular day. Mark worked as usual. His girl did what she had or wanted to do in the house. Nothing out of the ordinary, except for one weird event after lunch.

"I can do the dishes, babe," Mark said.

"Nah, I'm good."

"Go take a nap. You cooked lunch..."

"I said I'm good. I'm good. I'm good!" Mark thought her voice sounded sinister for a fraction of a second, but he dismissed it. *Probably* those *days, hah hah.*

After work ended, Mark worked on some personal projects for a while. Then, when the night became evident, he and his girl had the usual weeknight of a happy couple. It was good she did not have to work today because it is not unusual for her to get home at night because of her high role in the company.

Mark and Jean were in their bed watching a series when someone entered their house. Mark was sure someone was in because he heard the front door close. It was closed before. 

Mark stood up and slowly walked towards his open bedroom door to listen closely.

"Mark, babe! I'm home! Geez, today was one of those crazy days at work. Where are you, babe?" 

The voice came from the kitchen. A familiar voice. Jean's voice.

And another sound came from behind. A low tone, almost inaudible, laughter.

Whatever was behind torn Mark's sanity beyond repair, and everything faded to black after an unbearable pain that lasted maybe one second. All that Mark could hear before giving up to darkness was the distant screams from Jean.
