---
layout: post
title:  "Pouring"
date:   2022-02-18 07:46:47 -0300
excerpt: "Fred starts to worry when what seemed like regular rain never stops."
---

There was nothing to think about at first. Fred felt the rainy season. When the rain lasted a week, Fred shrugged. It was midway through the second week that Fred began to worry.

It was a Thursday, and the rain had lasted 11 days. Fred, who would never qualify as a loner, noticed that everything in his house had a thin layer of water droplets. The world around him was damp and gray.

When Fred woke up on Saturday and realized that it was raining, slight despair gripped him for a few moments. Could this be the Flood again? Nah, according to The Book, the world would end in fire. _Am I the only one who notices this rain?_

Existence was suffocating because of the humidity in the air. Everything had a heavy, lifeless feel. Motionless. But the rain continued and dominated Fred's mind. Not having anyone to share this situation with made it all the more difficult. No one would understand Fred's concern over mere rain. Just water. Just dry it off.

Fred no longer showered. _Why if I'm always wet!?_ His clothes; the whole house was damp. All the world.

Gradually, everything was withering away. The rain, not stormy, fell steadily. Fred spent his days just listening to the rain. No perspective. Unwilling to exist in this gray and wet world.

The water rose higher and higher. Despair began to take hold of Fred. Is the world turning into a gigantic ocean? Fred felt he was alone. Like always. There was no way out. It was inevitable.

In the end, Fred didn't fight much. The natural spasms of a body self-conscious enough to try to save itself occurred, but they weren't enough. Fred perhaps cried, but the tears mingled with the water that encompassed his entire reality.

[...]

_"The day started calmly today, but the inhabitants of the Sunnyvale neighborhood woke up to a terrible tragedy: Fred Gates, 28, was found lifeless in his bathtub with signs of drowning. Forensics say he's been dead for at least 3 days. Fred's body was found by a resident of the building he lives in who reported a strange smell coming from Fred's apartment. The police rule out murder and believe it to be a case of drug overdose suicide that culminated in Fred's accidental drowning when he passed out from too much medicine. Next to the bathtub were several open medicine bottles and a short note. The police did not give details of the note. Fred leaves no family and has no close family members. We were unable to contact any possible friend of Fred to comment on the tragedy. Now, in Weather Forecast, the week will remain as sunny as it has been in the last few days..."_
